Update security/resiliency BBEs (#3795)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-client-mutual-ssl/http_client_mutual_ssl.md

# HTTP client - Mutual SSL

> The `http:Client` allows you to open up a connection secured with mutual SSL (mTLS), which is a certificate-based authentication process in which two parties (the client and server) authenticate each other by verifying the digital certificates. It ensures that both parties are assured of each other's identity. The `http:Client` secured with mutual SSL is created by providing the `secureSocket` configurations, which require the client's public certificate as the `certFile`, the client's private key as the `keyFile`, and the server's certificate as the `cert`. Use this to interact with mTLS-encrypted HTTP servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` allows opening up a connection secured with mutual SSL (mTLS), which is a certificate-based authentication process in which two parties (the client and server) authenticate each other by verifying the digital certificates. It ensures that both parties are assured of each other's identity. The `http:Client` secured with mutual SSL is created by providing the `secureSocket` configurations, which require the client's public certificate as the `certFile`, the client's private key as the `keyFile`, and the server's certificate as the `cert`. Use this to interact with mTLS-encrypted HTTP servers.
```

# HTTP client - Mutual SSL

> The `http:Client` allows you to open up a connection secured with mutual SSL(mTLS), which is a certificate-based authentication process in which two parties (the client and server) authenticate each other by verifying the digital certificates. It ensures that both parties are assured of each other's identity. The `http:Client` secured with mutual SSL is created by providing the `secureSocket` configurations which require the client's public certificate as the `certFile`, the client's private key as the `keyFile`, and the server's certificate as the `cert`. Use this to interact with mTLS-encrypted HTTP servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` allows you to open up a connection secured with mutual SSL (mTLS), which is a certificate-based authentication process in which two parties (the client and server) authenticate each other by verifying the digital certificates. It ensures that both parties are assured of each other's identity. The `http:Client` secured with mutual SSL is created by providing the `secureSocket` configurations, which require the client's public certificate as the `certFile`, the client's private key as the `keyFile`, and the server's certificate as the `cert`. Use this to interact with mTLS-encrypted HTTP servers.
```
